hello I'm here to give you a tutorial on
my jacket skyblock / regular ticket
server IP of the server's lon block com
cold to 55 60 so just gotta log in so
when you first get on the server you
will end up here you cannot break any
blocks you cannot do anything choose
your path you can change it whenever you
feel like tech Skyblock over there
regular tickets over there and start out
by giving you a tutorial of tickets
Skyblock so there are instructions
there's the market adding it soon this
is tickets kabbala model off city build
the little spawn area is you have two
kids you can use fuel which gives you
some redstone sapling which gives you
rubber and regular sapling these are the
rules of making an island they're just
how to modify your own so type / is
create to make an island it will
teleport you there so looks like regular
Skyblock except you have a transmutation
tablet copper or iron redstone and a
rubber sapling and some flax seeds so
you can use that use the transmutation
tablet to replicate items I'm adding in
diamonds sometime soon so yeah take this
stuff transmutation tablet if you don't
know how to use a transmutation tablet I
suggest looking it up on a wiki but
pretty much put stuff here EMC goes in
it gives you it back and you can take it
out very simple overview so you can type
/ spawn to return to this area and
that's the simple goal to add someone to
your island so they can well
add someone to your Island set they can
join it you need to type / is add player
some want one of these signs yeah that
one right there is add player to go to
someone else's island / island TP the
player's name and / home and if / home
does not send you to your Island just
type / Island TP and your name so back
to the spawn and the giant gold portal
to the regular tacit server long list of
instructions so you can this is a fact
it has the K factions plugin so you can
create a faction my tapings will type /f
help tell you everything you need to
know if you want to add someone to your
island just type /f invite the player
you want to add if you want to teleport
someone's Island type / up just faction
sorry you have Skyblock so yeah it has
all the stuff type / help /f help basic
and that tells you all you need to know
for the basic 4k factions and I have
found that auto claim does not work just
noting that right now so yeah and please
do not like the server by creating giant
black machines thank you for watching
this tutorial and hope you get a play on
the server